Chat client (#140)
Mines-Paristech-Students/Portail-des-eleves: chat_server/README.md

# Chat server

This is the chat service of the "portail". Here are some important points about it :
1. It runs on the main database as the backend
2. The authentification is done using jwt. The public key will be shared by both the backend and the chat server, but the only way to get it will be through an API request to the backend.

## Setting up the project

### Building the project locally

There are two steps you will need to do :
1. Copy the environnement variables ;
2. Create the database (on the same postgres instance as the backend).

```bash
sudo -i -u postgres
psql
CREATE DATABASE portail_message OWNER root
```

### Building the container 

> Another way to use the project is with containers. If you are using vscode, I would recommand checking the "Remote container" extension, but you can still run :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another way to use the project is with containers. If you are using vscode, you should check the "Remote container" extension, but you can still run :
```

Prefer "you" to "I" when writing docs

Reviewer 2: And even `You can also use containers. With Visual Studio Code, you may use the "Remote container" extension; otherwise, you can still run:"
